Having grown up in Brighton and then watched its development into a home of the stars I was intrigued to see what the critically acclaimed "London to Brighton" had to offer.Elements of the story are interesting, but I hate to say it, having even a scant knowledge of the place, the plot and production was just wrong wrong wrong!The writer seemed intent on writing a South London white trash classic. Despite the best efforts of Graham Greene to sound an alarm 60 years ago to the true nature of Brighton, the writer of this film seemed content to depict it as a sleepy whole night's journey (it's only an hour from Victoria) where someone who knows where to get "business" can spend the day snoozing on a couch with no fear of molestation, especially not from those ruffians from London (despite fact that the Brighton flat exterior scenes where clearly filmed in the uniquely brown bricked setting of London).The acting was superb and I never doubted the performance of any of the leads, or even the direction, my problems are with the plot and production. It's just if you're going to call the thing London to Brighton I would have suggested some research on part 2 of your title, I was even a little doubtful of the first part.I was left feeling that the writer had written a film for the sake of it. I was wondering what he'd written it for? I felt it was a middle class orgy of how unpleasant the working class can be.Distracting flaws: **POSSIBLE SPOILERS FOLLOW** If you wanted someone to bring someone to you in 24 hours, would you really inflict a potentially fatal leg wound?Very anal but: They jump on a slam door train and we see a shot of a replacement more modern sliding door Thameslink (*stoat alert - they don't actually run from Victoria) making its way down the line.Why, if they were coming from the station would they arrive on the bus from Roedean?If you were on the run wouldn't you turn your phone off if not throw it away? Instead it's left in the flat for someone to answer and give precise directions of where they are. We're not even sure what the relatives do... oh yeah it's Brighton.. no one has to do anything there!As mentioned before, anyone who's been to London would know that Kelly's relative's flat was clearly in London, and couldn't have been anywhere else!It seemed a very Dickensian ending that the young girl who "shouldn't be there" gets enough cash to make it to Devon. Where as the "Tart with the Heart" leaves Devon and goes back to London to go back on the game... "Well that's all she'd know isn't it!" ;->Very disappointing but indicative of too much cash going to the wrong people for poorly realised ideas.