My Dinner with AndréOne of the themes which André pursues with enthusiasm isalternative conceptions of reality. He exemplifies this with theFindhorn Foundation - a spiritual/environmental communityfounded in northeast Scotland in 1962.Having lived at that community for eight years and takenconsiderable interest in the myths surrounding it and the care withwith which they are sustained, I feel like I can write with someauthority on the subject. Sorry if this spoils your favourite beliefsystem, but it is all complete nonsense. There *is* a UniversalHall - I worked in it for several years. However, the roof stays put,even in the fierce gales which are common in that part of theworld. It does not mystically rise, turn or anything similar. The onlythings that are mystical about the Universal Hall are that it wasever completed at all, given the permanent financial problems ofthe Foundation, and the electrics, which are held together by goodintentions.Equally, there were never any giant cabbages produced bymiraculous devic powers - that is myth started by one of thefounders, Peter Caddy (a nice guy, but possessing the marketingethics of Microsoft). Nor are there angels in the dustbins, oranywhere else except the fond imaginings of the makers of TheTransformation Game (TM).Finally, Eileen Caddy, another of the founders (who is still there atthe time of writing) may well be everyone's second favouritegranny (behind HRH The Queen Mother), but she does not talk toGod or even to god. The `still, small voice within' is Eileen, talkingto herself and others, saying the things she is unable to put herown name to. I find it hard to believe that God (or god) is quite sofond of vague, dull platitudes, which change over the years asEileen's views change. I am sorry to say this, because I really likeEileen, but she is quite batty. And it doesn't take a PhD inpsychology to know where all that channelled stuff is coming from.The only real miracle of Findhorn is how so many people can beso gullible for so long. It is a great testament to the power of prettyfantasies over less attractive but truly miraculous realities. Whichbrings us nicely back to André and the film...