Seeing the comments of Winston and Good.. something or other (definately forgettable as their comments) How can a gay or lesbian family be called dysfunctional in comparison to what the heterosexual society can offer.Lets consider - with a gay or lesbian couple a child is a choice, often a sacrifice. For a man who prefers not to be with a woman must know that it is a woman who will give birth to the child. Likewise a woman who prefers to be with a woman knows that they need a man's sperm to create the child.No simple biological accident but a decision to bring a child into this world. A child who is wanted. Not a discard of a biological act.There will be good loving heterosexual relationships where the child is wanted, cherished, and loved. But with a same sex relationship it is more because of the difficulties and decisions needed to create the new life.What are the bigots afraid of. Something they have tried to sweep and hide under their darkened rug covered minds. Gay people exist, have always existed, and will always exists. We are natural as they are documented cases of homosexual animals. Gay people are born they way they are. They cannot be created, nor does it mean that the children they raise will be automatically gay.BUT.. and this is the important part.. The Children will grow up to be accepting of gay people. And will not listen or support the bigots or the narrow minded folks who just want to spread fear.With many cultures homosexuals are accepted at part of society with their own values and experiences to offer.We are people. We bleed when we are cut. Weep when we are hurt, and have feelings to our loved ones and to our children just as strong and just as powerful as any other humans.It is also interesting that one of the weapons of the bigots is to reduce someone they do not like from a person to a symbol. Symbols are easy to hate. To use as a scapegoat. To bring under the one label.So next time you wish to discriminate against someone for their race, greed, religion, or sexuality.. Just think you would you feel in their shoes.. to be the recipient of that hate.I am sure that so many injustice would be overturned overnight.Just the thoughts from an older.. and hopefully wiser person.Dave