Why on earth would anyone want to watch a murder mystery thattakes place within the hierarchy of Nazi military might? This filmanswers that question.After a Polish prostitute/Nazi agent is brutally stabbed to death, anintelligence major, Omar Sharif, investigates. The three mainsuspects are three Nazi generals: golden boy Peter O'Toole,creepy Donald Pleasence, and family man Charles Gray. In themiddle of his investigation, Sharif is transferred to Paris, and doesnot solve the case. Fast forward two years, and the three generalsfind their duties also deliver them to Paris, where promotedcolonel Sharif eagerly awaits his reopening of the case. Gray'sdaughter, Joanna Pettet, falls for a young corporal Tom Courtenay,who is suddenly assigned to be O'Toole's driver and companion inthe city.I really hate spoilers, so I do not want to give away too much more,but the murderer is soon known, and the other two suspects areembroiled in a plot to assassinate Hitler. When you think the filmis wrapped, the murders solved, and major character killed, theplot moves to present day (then 1966-67) as the murderer strikesagain.The entire present day subplot, while sometimes dramatic, and away to see what happened to the major players, is completelyunnecessary. It takes up the last half hour of the film and isanti-climactic considering what has occurred before.Pettet and Courtenay's romance is also a little silly. She plays thestereotypical officer's brat who rebels by having an affair with anenlisted man. I am the son of a now retired Air Force colonel, andbelieve me, rebelling officer's children is usually a figment ofHollywood's imagination.The most interesting aspect of the film is the setting of a murderinvestigation in the middle of Nazi occupied territory. Sharif'scharacter is no saint, either, but he shows more compassion thanhis suspects. The fact that the embodiment of evil on earth wouldbe interested in removing one of their own makes for verycompelling drama. The murderer is not killing because he is aNazi, but because he is insane. There is no other motive offered,and I do not think it is very important to the story anyway. This is aserial killer film before the term "serial killer" was coined.Most of the drama takes place in Parisian offices and bars, thereis little action save O'Toole's extermination of a Warsaw ghetto,and a cameo by Christopher Plummer as Field Marshal Rommelgetting gunned down. Watching these incredible actors in full Naziregalia and saluting Hitler is unsettling, but the story andperformances are so moving. The film makers find a balancewhere you cheer for the good guys, without cheering for a bunch ofNazis.James Bond devotees might want to check this out, since bothGray and Pleasence portrayed Blofeld in 007 films, and O'Tooleproves why he is one of the screen's greatest actors (who neverwon an Oscar). "The Night of the Generals" is a high mindedmurder mystery that should entertain whodunnit and WWII fansalike. I recommend it.Although the video box I had rated this as (R), it might be closer toa (PG13) for gun violence, mild profanity, some sexual references,and some adult situations.