Richard Harris, who has appeared in quite a few westerns forbeing from across the Atlantic, tackles another role with gusto inthis hard hitting 1973 film.Harris is Kilpatrick, a pacifist sheriff in a Texas town. Rod Taylorand his gang rob the bank, kill a few people, and get set to ride offwith the loot. Harris blocks their departure with a system the townhas rigged up so as not to kill anyone, just capture them. He doesnot believe in guns, and only shoots to injure and scare, not kill.Taylor and the gang kill Harris' wife and child, and ride away, withHarris on their trail. He does not let that pesky Mexican borderdeter him either, as he rides on through and meets anotherlawman a lot like him.Al Lettieri plays Gutierrez, who is also after Taylor. However,Gutierrez's pacifism comes to annoy the viewer as well as Harris.The Mexican sheriff is insistent on letting justice prevail, alwayslooking for witnesses, and never just going after and killing thebloodthirsty gang.Harris begins to catch up to the gang, and dispatches them one byone, until he finally is down to two. He is also on his last nerve, ashe finally gives in to his gun's quick justice. The climactic shootoutin the convent, where Harris finds himself on the same level asTaylor, is very moving.Despite the (PG) rating, this is one violent film. Once the viewerovercomes this, they are definitely in for a wild ride. Harris is greatas the vengeful sheriff who will not die, and brings the sameintensity to this that he showed in the "A Man Called Horse" series.Rod Taylor goes down in western film history as one of themeanest villains on celluloid. One great scene has him describehow he murdered his father, as even his jaded gang looks at himin horror.In the outlaw gang- William Smith, who seems to have been ineverything and you will recognize him the minute you see him,does well as the seemingly retarded Schoolboy. Neville Brand isgood as Choo Choo, who earned that nickname because he hasa section of rail where his hand was. Paul Benjamin is great asJacob, a very intelligent black man who uses his wits to outsmartthe rest of the gang, but cannot get past how others feel about hiscolor.As mentioned before, the cast is great except for the character ofGutierrez. Eventually, he became a thorn in the side of Harris andthe audience. He never seemed to get what Harris was trying todo, and adhered so closely to the law that he became annoying.His final murderous act is more frustrating than noble.Shear's direction is okay, once in a while I would notice theshadow of a camera in an outdoor scene. His decision to use stillshots from the movie in the opening credits might have peoplechecking the pause button on their VCR, and I am not sure why hedid this. His actions scenes are good, with good stuntwork, butagain, be forewarned of the violence, especially directed towardchildren.Despite an equally awkward title, "The Deadly Trackers" is goodadult western fare that probably should have received more praisethan it has- especially for Taylor and Harris. I highly recommend it.This is rated (PG) but contains strong physical violence, stronggun violence, brief sexual violence, gore, strong profanity, very brieffemale nudity, and sexual references. 