There simply isn't any other possible way to describe HELLBENT than by saying it is the first gay slasher-movie. It just isn't about anything else. After seeing this flick at the Brussels Festival of Fantasy Films, I am a bit afraid of telling anyone that I'm a hetero-sexual male. Because this movie learned me that every single male is gay and they are all horny as hell. I can imaging a conversation between the producer (P) and director (D), that lead to the making of this film, going as follows:P (enthousiastic): Let's make a slasher-flick and let's make it gay! D: Okay, cool! What do we need? P: Ehrr... Lot's of good-looking young men doing gay stuff and telling gay jokes! D: And what does the slasher look like? P: Well, remember that awesome Ben Affleck-movie where he plays that comic-book super-hero? D: Daredevil! P: Yeah, right. Well, we can make that the killer's costume and hope nobody sues us... D: Well, we can situate the story during a Mardi Gras-like carnival, so we can get away with using the same costume. P: Oh, clever one D! D: What are the killer's motives? P: Who cares? He just kills gay people! D: Good enough! But do you think there's a market for such a film? P: There are actually two markets: Gay people and horror-fans. D: Nice, we're gonna have a hit! But P.... ehrr, sorry for asking, but are you gay? P: Not at all, but I have nothing against it. D (sighs with relief): Oh, me neither. But I'm glad we got that out of the way...Do you people catch my drift? This movie has no plot whatsoever and we learn absolutely nothing about the killer. The only thing all characters think about is sex. Except for the killer. All he ever thinks about is decapitating his victims (thank God for that!). But there even isn't an explanation as to why he collects the heads. The movie has an awful rock-soundtrack and a lot of naked male torso's. None of the "Boo!"-effects actually work. But the death-scenes are good and bloody with decent effects. And since there are only 4 killings (I'm counting the couple in the opening-scene as one), I'm gonna give HELLBENT 4 out of 10 stars. And people, please don't make a sequel, but instead give us the first lesbian slasher-movie. Thank you!