I liked season 1 and part of season 2 a little better. Let me just give some bits and parts of the show that made it lose a lot of cool points.Joan's behavior was completely rotten towards William when they returned from New York, and she was a bit immature, trying to play games, setting him up with both Monica and the other girl. Those that watched the show avidly saw her conduct towards him.She was actually jealous of Toni when Toni was about to get married. What was that all about? I thought they were true friends. She took out her anger on Ellis, and later cheated on him and lied to him. She was an extremely stink girlfriend. A lying, cheating, jealous, immature fool. Ellis was never that great anyway. Their union, as many other unions on this show, should have never happened.Maya's conduct was similar, especially when she was William's assistant, and even after she was rightly fired. The episode where Reverend Al Sharpton guest starred made me cuss. William asked her to do one thing, she did something else, and made a spectacle of herself in front of the Reverend. She failed to remember that she was the one who was rude and inefficient, and tried to make William out to be the bad guy. She was an ingrate to both William and Joan. The whole ghetto, sassy act was not cute and not cool. She always felt she could do what she wanted when she wanted where she wanted.She also wanted to make Darnell miserable after they broke up, calling him over to pick fights with him Wasn't she the one who cheated? Her friend also acted like a total jerk towards the father of her own children when he came to pick up the kids.Did Lynn say she wanted to burn down Joan's house after she was kicked out? Did she also want to do the same after Toni fired her as her assistant at her new real estate office? That was supposed to be funny? Don't even get me started on Toni Chlamydia Childs and Monica the Control Freak.There is so little respect for one another that I sometimes question the friendships. The writer of this show is another writer I wish I could talk to face to face. If there is anything that I am not understanding, then she can show me. I want to go through episode by episode and drill her.