lets start with the good point of this movie. The idea behind it .People in a skyscraper are besieged, chased , eaten by giant ants. Any fan of monster movies ought to get sweaty palm right now and has to brace him or herself not to run to the nearest videostore. But wait.. there is a catch:Lets start with the begin credits.. an unknown movie company and our friends from the Unified Film Organisation.. UFO for short, known for countless crappy movies and a couple of nice ones.And then.. yeah the movie starts.Stuff to watch for, cry about or laugh your ass off for.. depending on your mindset- POV shot of the ants attacking - All killings off screen?? Mmhhh - Scarsely dressed models "You might remember her from a vogue cover" yeah sure, don't you mean an adult movie. - The janitor with a past - Mr Howell- gets hit over the head with a wooden duck - Did all those ants the size of a mid sized dog hide in those pesky little plants - - idiot sheriff ( who knows in what crap he ventured and has all the laughs with his lines) a female agent from the agriculture department (??) She was in the FBI but made a career change because she faints when seeing a corpse.. not kidding.A guy that wants to steal company info leaves his overweight crap acting daughter alone in the car. With a present.. an Aiwa radio with heavy metal music but takes the keys. - the lights go out.. so do the elevators which doesn't stop the janitor for trying to use them..and why should he, the company info stealing guy also used the elevators when the lights where flickering.. gets stuck and attacked by a plastic non moving ant. -The ants come.. about the size of a mid sized dog.. a lot of them.. how did they hide in those small plants. The assistant of the nasty editor has to make coffee but drops a sugar lump into a sewer thingy on the floor.. an ant crawls out and gets beaten to death by the nasty editor which leads to an instant classic piece of dialog " Ants cant get that big "well no one told him that" and she walks away business as usual.. however our ants are crawling through the hallways.* Ants side note: imagine a 5 year old drawing an ant.. yup you have got it.. they look more plastic that a toy.Sigh.. chase scenes.. the ants don't like heavy metal and the overweight daughter scares them off with dead metal music.* reread the above sentence and ponder about it for a moment* The moronic janitor with a past, the bitchy editor and the assistant try to make it to the roof ( reason: - as explained by the janitor "those ants see this as an ant farm so they will dwell on the lower levels.. we need to make it to the roof" My mouth fell open when hearing this. This building has a roof access that can only be reached by using the air vents (???).. just take a guess what happens.. They make it to the roof although the bitchy editor gets attacked and taken away ( "I was chairman of the Beverly hills gun club, of course I can use a gun" . they found the gun because our moronic janitor who is also a psychic broke into a desk in the office where he was hit over the head with the wooden duck..?????They make it to the roof.. insert the "vogue" MUHAHAHAHAHAHAAHA models and their photographer. Thank god they can escape because there is a cable between this and the nearby skyscraper (???? we don't have skyscrapers in my country but this seems somewhat.. far-fetched??)Most of them escape however the company info stealing dude pulls a gun to skip the queue - I don't blame him- an ant follows him , he pulls the gun - magic gun because it went from the eaten editor to him??- and fails to shoot the ant but does shoot the cable - did I say the ants were as big as mid sized dogs, good shooting- He plummets to his death and the janitor and some others are trapped in the ant building.In the meanwhile back to the garden thingy. The agriculture agent finds the slime on some plants and she yells something into a walkie talkie. Swat guys - and a girl- pop out and the sheriff has its gun taken away. And there is a revelation: the fainting when seeing a dead body female agent is a member of a secret department of agriculture that is so secret even the president doesn't know about it and she is following a lead that has a terrorist ship that had plutonium aboard. The plutonium leaked on the plants causing everything in the plants to grow.Oke.. if you are still with me, pause and reread the above sentence.there we go for the final part. The secret department of agriculture ( SDOA??) follows the trail to the building where the plants were delivered.. Intro Martin I will really humiliate myself for a scrap of food Kove.. shoots his next in command about 15 times because his colleague is attacked by a plastic ant that basically sits on his shoulder.. like a parrot. Good shooting Martin.And you wont believe it but then I fell asleep..thank god for that.If you aren't drunk avoid all all costs.