Happy Gilmore is one of my top ten favorite comedies and brings out what little humor their is in golf. It's the best golf comedy since Caddyshack (1980) and really puts you in the golfing spirit. Happy Gilmore (Adam Sandler) is the grandson of loving grandmother Gilmore (Frances Bay). He is in love with hockey but can't break into the roster of the local hockey team. After being cut he returns home to find his girlfriend leaving him. After a crazy night with a Japanese lady, Happy gets a call from his grandma saying that she is being evicted.Happy doesn't know what to do so he takes her to the local nursing home run by a psycho orderly (Ben Stiler). Happy goes back to the house to make sure everything is going alright to find the movers playing golf. Happy tells them to go back to work but say that they're on break. Happy says that if he can hit a golf ball past the two guys than they go back to work.Happy does more than that by hitting the ball 300+ yards and hitting two people at the end of the street. Happy, after meeting Chubbs (Carl Weathers), goes to the Waterbury open where he nearly kills his caddy because he thinks he's getting robbed. After winning he is on the pro tour and ready to get his grandma's house back.Along the way, Happy must deal with pro Shooter McGavin (Christopher McDonald), Bob Barker (Himself), and hostile fans who he ends up beating the hell out of. Happy is kind at heart but has problems with anger when frustrated or unhappy. One of the funniest scenes involves Bob Barker saying he should be working at the snack bar and Happy head butts him.The story is just plain old fish out of water story with some unforgettable laughs. Happy's official caddy is the best part as a hobo bathing in the 8th holes pond or washing his underwear in the ball washer.This film is funny, it's attractive, and it really brought Sandler into acting. The golf scenes are pretty well filmed and accurate with real golf. Chris McDonald is sinister as the hostile pro competing for the Gold Jacket and Richard Kiel is hilarious in his cameo as Happy's ex-boss turned loving fan.Happy Gilmore. Starring: Adam Sandler, Christopher McDonald, Julie Bowen, Frances Bay, and Carl Weathers.4 out of 5 Stars.