Well Done! An Excellent Showing for Thibault's first Directing/Writing Debut. Great Acting, Great Cinematography, and a good story. A cable network should definitely pick this movie up.Below is some info I googled on how to write a movie review. I included this useful info to meet the IMDb number of lines minimum for posting a review. I think my concise comments were enough. Extraneous comments are unnecessary. How to write a movie review, a guideWriting a movie review is a great way of expressing your opinion of a movie. The purpose of most movie reviews is to help the reader in determining whether they want to watch, rent or buy the movie. The review should give enough details about the movie that the reader can make an informed decision, without giving anyway any essentials such as the plot or any surprises. Below are our guidelines and tips for writing a good movie review.1. Watch the movieThe first step in writing the review is to watch the movie. Watch the movie in a relaxed environment you are familiar with. You do not want to be distracted by an unfamiliar room. Watching the movie a second time will help you absorb a lot more detail about the movie. Most movie reviewers take notes as they watch the movie review. 2. Give your opinionMost movie reviewers will give their opinion of the movie. This is important as the reviewer can express the elements of the movie they enjoyed or disliked. However, as in all good journalism, the reviewer should also give impartial details, and allow the reader to make their own mind over an issue the reader liked or disliked. Opinions should be explained to allow the reader to determine whether they would agree with your opinion .Many regular movie reviewers will develop a following. If one can find a reviewer who shares a similar taste in films, one can confidently follow the reviewers recommendations.3. Who is your audience?You need to consider who your likely readers are. Writing a movie review for children requires a different approach than if writing for a movie club. Ensure you report on the factors that matter to your likely audience.4. Give an outlineGive the outline of the movie, but don't give away essential details such as the end or any surprises. If there is a big surprise you want to entice readers by telling them something special happens, just don't say what.5. ActorsIf the movie contains actors, as most do, detail who is starring in the movie and how well you think they acted.6. StructureDid the movie follow a regular predictable story line, or did it get you thinking like a Quentin Tarantino movie?7.Cinematography and lightingGive details about how well the movie was shot and directed. Was the lighting good in the moody scenes? 8. MusicDid the movie have its own score like Koyaanisqatsi or ET, or did it feature songs from popular artists?9. Read, read and readRead and check your review thoroughly. It can be embarrassing to find errors in your work after it has been published. This is especially important for reviews that will be published on the Internet, as search engines are always looking for the correct spellings of key words.