He is CUTE, He is ADORABLE, He is a MAN ON A MISSION, WHO IS HE? Nihaal Singh (Sunny Deol), an honest and immensely lovable constable, from Punjab.A chance encounter with Romeo (KAMAAL KHAN), changes his life forever. Romeo is an ambitious mercenary who moves from country to country spreading a chain of terror. He uses Nihaal Singh's innocence to make his escape from the hands of the law.Nihaal is branded a traitor who helped a terrorist escape, he is suspended from his job, he is ridiculed and his family faces the wrath of the entire village.While our own PUNJAB DA PUTTAR is being castigated and humiliated in his village... WHERE IS ROMEO ??????? Romeo is spreading his tentacles of terror all over the world and has finally reached the land of opportunities the BIG APPLE.......... New York City in the US of A.The US of A is now his lay ground wherein he is playing with the lives of hundreds of Innocent citizens.The F.B.I. is desperately looking for Romeo, because of his activities, and also intelligence reports gathered by them, speak about a possibility of an organization hiring the services of Romeo to assassinate the President of the United States of America!!! However, there is one huge problem........ Romeo is a man without a face!!! No one in the world knows what he looks like.No one except Nihaal Singh.The FBI takes Nihaal Singh to New York to help them put an end to Romeo's nefarious activities. Nihaal Singh on reaching New York agrees to identify Romeo but on one condition - he will first bring Romeo to his hometown in Punjab to clear his name, bring back his lost glory, redeem his family Honor, and then hand him over to the American authorities.The FBI refuses because they want Romeo.... Nihaal Singh refuses because........... the FBI refuses because............... Nihaal Singh refuses because................. the FBI refuses because.................What happens when this Catch 22 situation arises? What happens when a Cute and Adorable villager from Punjab unleashes his "PUNJABI PUNCH" on the streets of New York ? An entertaining choppy and cheerful roller coaster ride! Fasten your seat belts, as you follow Nihaal Singh on a bumpy ride from the sleepy lanes of Moga to the fast and furious streets of New York.