This is a funny movie folks.Don't be put off by some of the other reviews written here as they completely missed the point.This is a black comedy/farce folks. Though seemingly played 'straight' as it were, it in fact, has its tongue firmly in cheek.The plot revolves around a string of murders, mostly young comely lasses at a California high school.It appears all too hip Rock Hudson, playing a groovy guidance counselor and football coach has been having romantic dalliances with a lot of the student body(s)...Meanwhile he's helping his protégé, John David Carson, an awkward, high school senior lose his virginity with sexy substitute teacher Angie Dickinson.When the bodies start piling up, perennial police detective Telly Savalas comes into the picture.Roddy McDowall gets thrown in for comic relief as a nervous high school principal along with Susan Tolksy as his even more nervous assistant. You'll remember Miss Tolksy as the comic relief in the late 60s TV Series, Here Come The Brides as Biddie Cloom.Finally Keenan Wynn gets thrown into the mix as a bumbling local Chief of Police who gets more than he bargained for when he tries to solve the identity of the murderer himself.Legendary ladies man, five time married, Roger Vadim directs this sexually charged flick. You'll recall that Vadim was married to both Brigitte Bardot & Jane Fonda and had a love child with none other than Catherine Deneuve.You'll never see a high school again filled with as many thin, beautiful coeds as Mr. Vadim presents in this movie all sporting the shortest of mini skirts that is, while they're still IN their clothes. Lots of 'Playboy-esque' nudity runs throughout the film without it becoming graphic or embarrassing. Angie Dickinson looking in top form even shows a little skin! This flick has cult classic written all over it and would be a great movie to remake.Just remember NOT to take it seriously folks. Of course, the idea of students and teachers so casually engaging in sexual escapades is something you would not want in real life. That goes without saying.But again, this is an adult farce with lots of black comedy. When the first victim is found dead, principal Roddy McDowall can only comment on what a great cheerleader she was so it's obvious pretty much from the get-go that we're in an altered state of reality here.Though not a comedy classic, it's a fun, sexy movie that doesn't take itself seriously and moves right along at a brisk 91 minutes.Even more fun to watch with a group of friends.