This film tries to be "Film Noir" but just doesn't make it.When I started watching it I could have sworn it was from the late 30's or early 40's, partly due to the poor quality print. When I realized that it was from the late 40's I was shocked.The plot is actually quite good until the end, which was a dreadful anticlimax.There are two main problems with this film, one is the obviously very poor direction, the other is that Brian Donlevy's character is far to mild mannered.Brian Donlevy was a great actor, strong willed and forceful. Check out "Beau Geste". In this film, even though he starts out to be a businessman who doesn't take no for an answer, he turns out to be a wimp. Poor writing.A wimp is not what is needed in the second half of this film and wimps do not belong in film noir.Charles Coburn was a fine actor and could be gruff when he needed to be. This role called for a hardened detective, instead he acts like Shirley Temple's kindly grandfather. Poor direction.Ella Raines and Helen Walker did a good job, though I think Ella's character should have gotten stronger and nastier after she found out that her husband was alive and her lover was dead. Again, poor direction.Anna May Wong should have quit when sound came in.I believe Mae Marsh to have been a good "sound" actress but she never got a chance to prove it. She had all but retired from acting until the stock market crash wiped her out. She doesn't seem to have wanted to be an actress and was relegated to uncredited mother roles when she had to return to make money. Mae did a good job in this role as in the other small parts that I have seen her in. Now back to the biggest problem with this film, the ending.Brian Donlevy's lawyer tells his wife that he can prove that she is guilty. Charges are dropped against him, brought against her, The End.The writer seems to have been late for an engagement and just hammered out a quick end.This could have been a great film with some touching up of the script and a better director.