The Crawlers (USA) Troll 3 (USA) Troll III: Contamination Point 7 Creepers (UK)Creepers, Crawlers, Contamination point seven, you can call it whatever you want. But please don't call it troll 3! If it wasn't bad enough that Troll 2 didn't have any trolls in it, Troll 3 doesn't even have anything that resembles trolls in it. I suppose in some perverse way, this means that it fit's in quite well in the series. It is as proportionally less like 'Troll 2' , as 'Troll 2' is unlike 'Troll'. If you get my meaning. Let's quickly recap the plotsTroll: A troll enters a block of flats, and one by one turns each apartment into a magical woodland, and all the people into elves. A boy called Harry Potter learns magic (!) from a witch and attempts to save the dayTroll 2: A group of nasty vegetarian goblins attempt to lure unsuspecting humans to eat their green goo, in order to turn the people into vegetables to be eaten. A young boy and his dead grandpa attempt to save the day.Troll 3: A town is attacked by a mass of evil radioactive tree roots, and as people are killed off, our heroes try to hide the nuclear waste and attempt to save the day.Now to say that they all have nothing to do with each other would be a tad unfair. As you can see, there is a definite running theme of anti-vegetarianism/ environmentalism. Yes, in every movie it's all things natural that become the source of all the suffering. Creepers, in the end, however, just doesn't live up to the standard set by it's predecessor. It is generally very dull, with awful acting, toy bulldozers, no SFX (with the exception of a tree root winding through someone's face). But the film does set up an interesting thought. Just exactly what would 'Troll 4' be like if it were to follow in the trend of this series?So basically it would have to have fierce anti-plant themes to it, and leave some people in peril, who save the day by doing something ridiculousI'm thinking flowers. A backward red neck town gets attacked by a gang of mutant sunflowers (or whatever), and the locals group together and make a plan to save the day by blocking out the sun, killing all forms of chlorophyll-induced life in the areaSo there we have it  Troll 4 in the making.Oh, and back to troll 3, it's entertaining in a bad way, but don't expect a Troll 2 style masterpieceConclusion, Worth it, but only for completion purposes.