Most infamous for a scene involving a child biting off his mother'snipple, this loser Italian zombie film has a high gross out factor,and little else.In the opening, a bearded Professor Ayres (Renato Barbieri,looking like Rasputin) discovers a "secret" that looses zombies onthe countryside, getting himself killed in the process. We never findout how he awakened the dead...Cut to three horny couples arriving at an Italian villa. They areguests of the late professor, and let themselves in. None of thecouples are differentiated from each other. George (RobertoCaporali) and Evelyn (Maria Angela Giordano) bring along Evelyn'sweird son Michael (Peter Bark, an obvious little person badlyposing as a young boy). James (Simone Mattioli) and Leslie(Antonella Antinori) are here, keep track of them because Leslie iscute. Mark (Gian Luigi Chirizzi) and Janet (Karin Well) stand outonly because Mark looks like Michael Keaton and Janet haspsychic feelings that something awful is going to happen, and thissubplot is never elaborated on. Nicholas (Claudio Zucchet) andKathleen (Anna Valente) are the house servants who always doeverything they are told, even in the heat of the zombie attacks.There is really not much of a plot here. The zombies stumble uponMark and Janet, and James and Leslie, while they are all getting iton in the gardens. George and Evelyn and Michael are cornered inthe professor's office and George is the first to die as he martyrshimself for his family. From here on out, if a cast member wandersoff by themselves, consider them dead. Out in the yard, Janetsteps in a bear trap (!), and hobbles around for the rest of the film.The survivors board themselves up in the villa, and wait to die.Hilariously, Kathleen finds time to serve everyone drinks from atray before getting beheaded by a sickle when told to go check awindow. Later, Leslie goes to find whiny Janet some bandagesand gets her head mashed into a pieces of a broken window. Littlefreaky Michael tries to make out with his mother, is rejected, andpartially eaten by a newly zombified Leslie. Poor Nicholas is senton a fool's errand and killed by the absent professor.That Mark, he is always thinking. As the zombies use assortedtools to break into the villa, Mark decides they should let them in.He is under the mistaken impression that they are after somethingother than human flesh, plus they move slowly, so the remainingpeople should be able to out run the dead. Tell that to the fivepeople just killed. Evelyn, Mark, Janet, and James run to a quietmonastery, where James is promptly devoured by some zombiemonks. The remaining group makes it to yet another house, wherethe film's most infamous scene occurs.Evelyn sees Michael, and offers her left breast to comfort herobviously zombied son. Michael begins to suckle, then takes a bigol' bite. This is the only murder to occur in front of other castmembers (Mark and Janet), and is really gross. The zombiesovercome the remaining living, and the film ends.I love Italian zombie films as much as the next guy, but this film isso monotonous that boredom soon sets in. The gore is effective,local butcher shops must have run low on innards, but directorBianchi must deal with a terrible script. Bianchi pads the film withendless closeups of the maggot covered zombies. As I mentioned, the killings are telegraphed by the default of a victimbeing alone. Until the actual bloody act, this results in some veryboring stalking scenes. Obviously some of the cast has seen aRomero film, only a couple of them know to aim any violencetoward the heads of the zombies in order to kill them."Burial Ground" is a very gory and very violent film, helped by somepretty good special effects. It is also very boring and very badlyacted, not helped by some pretty bad scripting. I cannotrecommend it, even to fans of this subgenre.This is unrated, and contains strong physical violence, strong gunviolence, very strong gore, mild profanity, female nudity, sexualcontent, and adult situations.