Be forewarned: this review is going to contain a lot of spoilers, butthis is so necessary in discussing this wannabe complicated film.May Britt plays Ingrid, a lonely rural woman who lives on a farmand faithfully attends church. A masked killer is terrorizing thesmall town and there are plenty of suspects: town bad boy Frankie,Ingrid's mysterious uncle Carl, and the new stranger guy in town.The sheriff, played by Aldo Ray, is perplexed. He finds out hisdaughter was knocked up by Frankie, plus he must deal withhaving two Barney Fifes as deputies. Ingrid is also having manyvisions/hallucinations involving her mother, who killed herself aftera tryst with a strange man. Ingrid, just five years old, walked in onthem and mom fled into the bathroom. It is no mystery that theman in bed with mom was mom's brother, Uncle Carl.Ingrid is attacked by the masked killer but escapes. Later, the killermurders the local town lush and dumps her body in Ingrid'schicken coop. Ingrid is later raped by Frankie, and Uncle Carlalmost walks in on them. Frankie threatens Ingrid if she talks, andthe murders in town continue. Ingrid is a fixture at church, and isalmost raped again after an attack in the cemetery. Eventually, themasked killer turns out to be the mysterious stranger. Frankie,however, shows up at Ingrid's house, bounds Uncle Carl, but isstabbed to death by Ingrid. Carl buries Frankie, makes anincestuous pass at Ingrid, then disappears after Ingrid goes to thesheriff.The sheriff guards Ingrid's house until the morning, when thedeputies can come and dig up Frankie. Instead, Frankie pulls upvery much alive, and the deputies find a grave with Ingrid's goat.Ingrid is upstairs in the bathroom, dead from suicide.The sheriff also gets a surprise when Uncle Carl flies in from NewYork. He has not seen Ingrid in years, despite Ingrid's claims tothe contrary. Uncle Carl visits Ingrid's house, and remembers howhe slept with his sister before he drowned her in the bathtub, shedid not commit suicide. The final scene, the scariest in the film,has Mitchell in the bathroom, running hot and steaming water, andturning around to see a misty figure standing in the bathtub- Ingrid.This thumbnail sketch might make this sound very suspenseful,almost Hitchcockian, but it is far from it. May Britt, as Ingrid, tries,but she is failed by the script. Her Scandinavian accent isexplained away as she spent time in "a European orphanage upthe coast." Huh? Cameron Mitchell, who has never been good inanything, is not good here. The film makers give him the world'sworst fake gray hair at the film's conclusion: the chalk white gooplooks like it was applied with a trowel. The rest of the cast playstheir routine small town characters without adding anything new.The biggest mistake here is the convoluted script. There are atleast six different places toward the end of the movie where thefinal credits should have started rolling. Clocking in at 97 minutes,this is fifteen minutes too long. Poor Britt spends most of herscreen time either taking off her clothes (careful not to show anynudity) or hysterically running away from men, real or imagined. Allthe men here come off as horny and stupid. Ingrid is therepressed frigid queen who fantasizes about being attacked andraped. She is religious, and Hollywood has been telling us foryears how strange and sexually repressed churchgoers are. Thescript never takes any chances, beating the viewer over the headwith heavy handed images from Ingrid's psychotic mind. Whilethere is some suspense here and there, for a horror film, there isnot much.The possibilities here were endless, and the film makers did nottake advantage of them. This should have been very suspenseful,considering the game cast, but everyone loses to a silly script andterribly low budget. "Haunts" does not haunt.This is rated (R) for physical violence, some gun violence, sexualviolence, some profanity, some sexual content, and adultsituations.