I gave this film 3 out of a possible 10 stars. It would have gotten a 1 rating, but it did hold my interest somewhat, that, and Pavan Grover being such an intense, handsome and hunky actor.Over all, however, the film is very gory, very unpleasant and disturbing and has a conclusion that makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.The mysterious serial killer Jesse Mowatt's unusual "abilities", perhaps supernatural abilities, and just what or who he is, are never adequately explained.The film is pointless, and darn close to plotless. Some odd things happen but we never know why, what they mean, or how they happened. Many of the scenes are shot with such quick flashes you barely are able to even witness it before it is gone.The film jumps around quite a bit, especially at the beginning. We start with seeing two people in a van that at first I wasn't even sure whether they were both men or one was a woman. We come to realize they are some kind of border guards between the U.S. and Mexico. The fact they are border guards has nothing really to do with anything else in the film.Then we jump to a pock-faced Mexican man driving a pick-up truck. He encounters one of the border guards out on the road. Finally I come to realize it is a woman. She has been badly hurt. He stops and picks her up. As they drive along, her brain falls out.There are some scenes in this film that are definitely not for the squeamish--the first brain scene is just the tip of the iceberg in this kind of imagery, so either brace yourself or click it off now.We then jump back and forth between the Mexican man who was driving the pick-up, named Cesar and another Mexican man who has been locked in a cage and is being transported somewhere. Eventually we learn the man in the cage is a violent, unbelievably strong, sadistic serial killer named Jesse Mowatt.Mowatt, played by Pavan Grover who also had a hand in writing the script, is brought to a horrible prison run by a crazy, psychotic, and also sadistic, warden, played beautifully by Dennis Hopper - who has done so many of these kinds of roles he can probably do them in his sleep by now.Enter a beautiful psychiatrist or whatever the heck she was, Diana, played by Dina Meyer, who has developed a machine that can read brain patterns and show memories. Diana first uses the machine on Cesar, who, though innocent,has been convicted for the killing of the female border guard. Next Diana uses the machine on our boy, Jesse, who is so dangerous he's being held in "the hole" at the prison.To say much more about this film's scenes would be giving too much away --- not that there is really any plot to give away. 