**SOME SPOILERS**This 1974 north western stars Donald Sutherland in the title role as Dan Candy, a Royal CanadianMounted Policeman on duty in the plains of Saskatchewan. He is alittle immature, a little annoying, and perfectly balanced by hisfamily man partner Kevin McCarthy. The duo arrests GordonTootoosis for stealing one of the government's cows out ofdesperate hunger. Chief Dan George is Tootoosis' father.Sutherland takes the whole thing as a big joke, until Tootoosisescapes from jail and kills McCarthy. Sutherland spends the restof the film tracking down the now dangerous criminal, with littlehelp from his fellow constables or the native people.At ninety minutes, the film is way too brief, and takes short cuts inits story to get to the action scenes. This means that Sutherlandgoes from party doofus to vengeful rogue cop in about twentyseconds. Tootoosis goes from hungry martyr-like indian to coldblooded killer in record time. McCarthy is in just three scenes.When the film tries to be an action film, it fails as well. Sutherlandis usually screaming as his superior for the umpteenth time, thenrides out into the woods and is shot at...again and again. Thefinale, when the criminal and friends are trapped in the woods, isequally puzzling. The RCMP higher ups do not seem to care aboutcatching the killer of one of their own, but suddenly arrive withcannon to root out the villains. Even McCarthy's funeral scene ismessed up, as Sutherland thinks about McCarthy's murder, eventhough he was not there.Sutherland, for being given such an impossible part to play, doesa good job. One amazing scene has him trying to tell McCarthy'sorphaned son a funny story about crows and an outhouse roofwhile he slowly breaks down in grief.Fournier catches some of the amazing vistas we are lucky toexperience up here in the Great Plains, and his fog enshroudedopening credits are dazzling, but with the lousy editing and dullscript, he is as creatively bound as Sutherland."Dan Candy's Law" should have been a rumination on revenge,and a comment about how the United States does not have amonopoly on mistreating its native peoples, but instead this filmwent for the cheap action thrill without an action thrill to exploit. Icannot recommend it.This is rated (PG) and contains strong gun violence and strongprofanity.