JB below is short for "the James Bond concept". CR below is short for Casono Royal.JB: Opens with an action scene that is the climax of his previous mission. CR: Opens with James Bond portrayed as a cold-hearted murderer.JB: Somewhat realistic action sequences. CR: Bad guys runs up wall as if this is a Matrix movie.JB: James Bond's boss, M, is a man to whom James has respect. CR: James breaks into the home of M and hacks into her computer.JB: Visits Q's lab to get some new gadgets. CR: No Q. No gadgets.JB: Bond catches bad guys, killing them in self defense. CR: Bond attaches bombs to bad guys, smiles in a sinister way when they blow up.JB: Has a story. Has a villain with a "world-domination scheme". CR: Has no story. Has a villain who plays the stock market, and when that fails... plays poker.JB: Has a gigantic climatic end-scene. CR: Anti-climax #1: Le Chifre gets killed by unknown villain. Anti-climax #2: Bond and Lynd on a romantic boat trip. Anti-climax #3: Lynd dies. Anti-climax #4: Bond shots Mr. White and before we actually understands who White is and his motive etc. the movie ends.JB: Ends with Bond and his babe together. CR: Babe is already dead, so it ends with Bond, presumably, murdering another guy.SUMMARY: Daniel Craig essentially make a cameo of his character in "The Road To Perdition". It's not Bond. There's senseless killing, no Bond-babe, no one-liners, no great end-scene, no gadgets, no suspense, no story...RATING(if this was any action movie): 3/10.RATING (for being a Bond-movie): 1/10.I'm sad I actually paid to see this as it might encourage the producers to make another movie like this one.BOND IS DEAD. I hope they won't make another movie like this and call it Bond.*** EDIT *** JB: Had a yerning Monneypenny. CR: Has money.And to all the people complaining that "this IS the REAL Bond! straight from the novels!". Ahem.. this may be the Bond from the novel but it's not the Bond that's been in movies for the past decades. That's the Bond we've expected to see. That's the Bond we want to see.If they really want another character. Fine. But give it another name. 008 or whatever.