Just saw the film. It was AWFUL! What a way to ruin a classic film. This version has NOTHING on the original.Plot:(Global Warming) WEAK! Beginning sequence disjointed and confusing! More holes in this story than swiss cheese! What did the opening sequence have to do with the story? Klaatu walks out of the "Globe" (where is the ship???) and just as the good Dr. is about to shake hands with him, he is promptly shot! He wasn't reaching for anything but a handshake the universal sign of 'hello'.Klaatu is taken to makeshift hospital where we learn that he was walking in a 'placenta' suit one minute and then the next minute they are marveling about how he was 'just born'. ??? Later in the film he uses some of this 'placenta'material to bring back to life a cop he just KILLED. It grossed me out when he stuck his finger in the 'planceta' and then in the dead cop's mouth! Why did he bring the cop back, if he was on a mission to kill the entire human race? Later we learned that the Globes were all over the planet, and they were the 'ARK' that was saving stuff to be used after the world was 'cleansed'. (They actually used the word CLEANSED in this context) Acting: Then there is the ACTING, (If you can call it that) The acting was DEPLORABLE! Probably the worse I have seen in any movie in the last 10 years! Kathy Bates as Sec of Defense SILLY, OVER THE TOP, NOT BELIEVABLE. ( I kept looking for her to break somebody's ankles)"The One" as Klaatu was just plain PITIFUL and PAINFUL to watch! He sleep walks thru almost the entire film. (Oh wait that is what Reeves calls 'acting') Jennifer Connelly was terrible also. She was not believable as a Scientist nor as a mother! She never connected with Reeves or Jaden Smith on any level! (It may not have been her fault, I don't envy what she had to work with!!!) Jaden, the Smith kid, What in the world made them think this kid could act! I looked for the credits to see if they were the producers on this film! I didn't see their name! How did this kid get the part! It didn't help that the part they wrote for him was as a spoiled brat who needed his butt.. (I wish I would call an adult who is now my mother by her first name.) I would not even rent the DVD to see this movie, I am sorry I wasted $6.00 on it.Save your money, The Day the Earth Stood Still was when I wasted an hour and 40 minutes of my time watching this crappy film! Thank you "HollowWood" for messing up another Classic Film! "No soup for you"!