(Whats the point in me telling you the ending)My girlfriends uncle gave this PPV to me as a gift. He told me it was good. When i watched it, I was a bit insulted. At the time i thought it was a mean joke or something. But i was very polite and thanked him any way :)Criss Masters VS Carlito.The starting match was Carlito vs Criss Masters. The Match was OK. A good start to the show. There was only one good move when carlito jumped from the rope.. 5/10Umaga VS Rickflair.Pointless feud. The match was alright. Kinda sad to see rick flair to be beaten up like that. Thats all that really happened. Rick flair being beaten up, Flair didn't stand and chance. Besides the odd slap or low blow. It was a really fast match. But it wasn't to bad. 6/10Trish vs Mickie JamesIt was a OK match, Not much happened. I was looking forward to seeing what would happen after WM. The match ended after she injured herself (inreal life) But i didn't care. The match wasn't that great. 3/10 Poor Trish lol :(RVD vs Shelton BenjaminI love RVD. It was a good match but it took to long to get started. The match started really slow. There were a few good moves. A good match. 7/10Kane vs Big Show I thought the feud was funny. Kane attacking big show over a silly thing about the date may 19th. Big show had a small cut over his eye, And said 'Tonight will be an eye for and eye. Haha. The match was stupid. They acted like idiots. (pains me to say that about such kick ass wrestlers) The room went red and a magic voice started say may 19th. Kane started crying and big show put him out of his pain bye knocking him out with a chair... It was really short. 1/10The McMahons vs HBK and god.... I don't care about the match. The fact the Mcmahon was talking to god in front of the fans was just stupid. I was getting very tired of this PPV. I was not offended bye this match.. It was just stupid. No wonder there's a stereotype that wrestling is for kids. 2/10Edge vs. Cena vs. HHHI must say that the DVD was not running well but from what i saw it looked like a pretty cool match. Nice and bloody, The out come made every edge/cena/HHH fan happy. 7/10This was a rushed PPV just after Wresltemainia.