Varalaru is an good movie - It has the dubious distinction of failing at every imaginable level.Featuring Ajith in a triple role, Varalaru represents a combination of all the worst elements in Tamil movies.A pitiful story, horrible acting by Ajith, mediocre music, crude action scenes and juvenile comic interludes combine to deliver a stinging migraine to unsuspecting viewers.Varalaru is so bad that it can easily be showcased at film schools as an illustration of an egregiously bad movie.Ajith plays the role of a father Shivashankar and his two sons Vishnu and Jeeva. He overacts in all three roles but is particularly bad as the father. Ajith is only slightly better in the character of Jeeva, the vengeful young lad intent on killing his father whom he blames for his mother's madness.Apart from Ajith's acting (or is it non-acting), the other big weakness of Varalaru is its asinine story, which gives new meaning to the term bizarre.The totally unconvincing story dooms the movie from the get-go. It's weird to even conceive of a mother who harbors affection for her daughter's rapist.Then there are Varalaru's dialogs, which never rise above the banal.Asin plays the lady love of Vishnu but does not have much of a role. Which is a pity since the young girl is showing signs of becoming a good actress. Since the story revolves around Ajith's three roles, there is little scope for Asin to demonstrate her talents here.Music genius Rehman has failed to deliver the goods in Varalaru. None of the songs rise above the ordinary. Katril Oru Vaarthai is perhaps the best of the lot.Vishnu, the son of a rich businessman Shiva, generally likes to have a good time in the company of his friends. While visiting a village called Thottapuram on a social service mission, he meets a young girl Divya (Asin) and is smitten with her.Soon, the youngsters are engaged to each other and set to marry shortly.But things start to go terribly wrong for Vishnu soon. He commits various violent acts that he has no recollection of later. When Vishnu's violent behavior gets worse, his father has him admitted to a mental hospital.We quickly realize that the evil hand behind Vishnu's violent activities is actually his look-alike Jeeva.But why is Jeeva doing all those criminal acts and shifting the blame on Vishnu? The answer lies in Shivashankar's distant past as andancer who is jilted literally at the altar. Unable to bear the shock, his mother dies sending Shiva into a violent rage that leads him to rape the girl (Kanika) who jilted him.Although Kanika has a short role, the young lass shows that she can indeed act, a rarity in Tamil movies.All in all, Varalaru is awful to endure, rotten to contemplate and unpleasant to narrate