Most of these 9/11-Conspiracy Theorists think that USA, Jews or India planned 9/11, to blame it on the Muslims - do harm Islam, or to start a "war on Terror" (to get more power and oil). What a great idea.... for a movie. Because it would be a great plan, if it could be executed without anyone knowing. 9/11 happened, and the conspiracy theories was there - from the start. Many conspiracy theorists believed that USA or others planned 9/11, even though they had not examined the subject - it was their prejudge, that USA or Jews are behind every bad thing happening in human history, from the biblical-flood, to the plague in the middle-ages to finally 9/11. The thing is that conspiracy theories WANTS Jews or USA to be the one responsible - and they fit one-sided facts and witness-testimony into their theory. The problem with conspiracy theories is that they are not scientific of nature - but political. Conspiracy theorists, when they are making their conspiracy theory, starts with the conclusion and then works his or her way from there. What ever fact nearly fits the theory are made to fit, no matter how much they have to manipulate. Conspiracy theorists would never exist if they wanted to listen to people, beyond themselves. Conspiracy theorists only believe in them selves, or kindred spirits, they are like religious fanatics. They don't want to listen to other people. These 9/11-Conspiracy Theories all have logical explanations. If only the Conspiracy theorists had the brains or will to do their own research, and listen to other people. There is a logical explanation for all the 9/11-Conspiracy theories. Just look here: 911myths.com But I know that 9/11-Conspiracy theorists will never look at the site, only because they want to keep their prejudges that Americans or Jews are behind every evil act in the history of the world, including 9/11.About 9/11: If USA planned 9/11, then why haven't a single person from the Police, Fire fighters, NSA-, FBI, CIA, Military, Air-traffic-control-people, most of the house of representatives, demolition-experts, Scientists, rescue-workers and the whole Bush-administration squealed and told the world about the largest mass-murder in modern American History? Why haven't someone revealed this great secret? Because an attack of that magnitude, on its own soil, would involve thousands of the governments own people, and these conspiracy theorists tell us that all these thousands of people had no ethical-problems with keeping the secret of this mass-murder.... Conspiracy theorists live in a fantasy-world.USA did not plan 9/11, all logic and reason speaks against it.Also, if the USA planned it, then why did they use 19 men from Saudi-Arabia??? Would it not be more clever to use 19 Iraqies, Iranians, Afghans or maybe even North-Koreans as patsies??? If people from Iraq would had been in the airplanes 9/11, then the "war on terror" would have been more easy to justify. And if this USA-Shadow-Government planned 9/11, then they would not have used 19 Saudies.USA, Jews or India did NOT plan 9/11, get over your childhood-fantasies conspiracy-theorists!Sane people, please click onto this site, it will answer all questions about the 9/11-conspiracy theories:911myths.com